I have great news for all our followers.
Last week, we had the biggest discount of the year during our Black Friday special,
and we got tons of requests asking if we could offer a more affordable payment plan
with more installments.
You asked for it, and we are doing it.
I am happy to announce that our new payment plan makes The Piano Encyclopedia accessible to everyone.
You can now get lifetime access to all of the piano courses in The Piano Encyclopedia
by making 12 very low and affordable installments, which cost less than a single piano class with a private teacher.
As soon as you complete your order, you will get access to all of the learning materials up front,
so you can start your lessons now and worry about paying later.
You will get all of our interactive piano courses that will teach you how to play your favorite songs, play by ear, improvise,
and even create your own music by understanding how music really works.
You will get everything, including our flagship product, the logic behind music that has been featured on Forbes
as the course that is "revolutionizing the way people learn how to play the piano".
Furthermore, you will get an upgrade to the upcoming Epic 2023 Edition for free,
which will come with 25,000 multimedia graphics, interactive sheet music, and groundbreaking technology.
And to top it all off, we are also including a very rare and incredibly valuable bonus.
A year long, one-to-one mentorship with one of our expert musicians who will personally help you reach all of your musical goals.
Sounds incredible? It is, but there is a catch!
This is the best offer of the year, so it won't last long.
It's available until this Wednesday, December 7th, or until we reach the first 250 customers, whichever comes first.
So if you've been waiting all year long to join The Piano Encyclopedia, now it's the time.
Click on Yes to access this exclusive holiday special offer and grab your spot before all slots are gone.
I look forward to welcoming you as a new student of The Piano Encyclopedia and helping you achieve all your musical dreams!